hello and welcome to Z business I am
Shivani tavari and you're watching
weekly brokerage calls we've picked
three stocks that run the radar of
brokerages this week our first pick is
Federal Bank
on January 16th Federal Bank reported a
54 jump in December quarter net profit
at RS
803.61 crore the bank State the strong
all-round performance with a record net
interest income on the back of lower
credit cost and better asset quality the
private sector Landers net interest
income came in all-time high of rupees
1956.5 crore marking year-on-year growth
of 27.1 percent and far exceeding
analyst estimate brokerages abolition
Federal Bank after a strong set of
earnings from the private sector lender
Morgan Stanley has maintained an
overweight rating on the counter with a
device Target of rupees 175. CT on the
other hand has been taken to buy call
and has raised the Target price to
rupees 165. our second pick is ICICI
Lombard
on January 17 the insurer declared its
Q3 earnings its net profit was 11 to
rupees 353 crore in the third quarter
ending December boasted by capital gains
rupees 152 crore in higher sales the
gross direct premium collecting during
the quarters to the rupees
5493 crore Rising 17 over the previous
year the result fell short of estimates
of analysts brokerage firms clsa and
Jeffries have maintained a buy call on
the counter with the Target price rupees
1500 and rupees 1620 per share
respectively Credit Suisse has tagged
and outperformed rating on the counter
with the target tries rupees 1500.
moreover brokerage for Morgan Stanley
has maintained an overweight rating with
the Target price rupees
1495. our third pick is ICICI Prudential
life
on January 17th ICICI Prudential life
insurance reported a 29 decline in its
profit at rupees 221 crore for the third
quarter ended December 2022. the company
posted a profit of rupees 311 crore in
the same quarter a year ago brokerage
firm clsa CT and Jeffries are polish on
the counter and have given a buy code
clsa has raised a Target price to rupees
620 CT has given a Target price rupees
695 and on the other hand Jeffries has
given a Target price rupees 580.
moreover Morgan Stanley has maintained
an overweight rating on the counter with
the target prize of rupees 630 rupees
that's it from our end see you next week
with three more stocks on the radar of
brokerages do let us know which stock
you would like to know more about till
then Happy Trading
[Music]